README.md, before:

# Full Stack

Keep stack trace from objects after its callback is executed on another event on js event loop.
Works nice with promise, setTimeouts nad eventemiter.

### 1. Install & import

`npm install full_stack`

```js
const Fullstack = require('full_stack');
```

### 2. Set which type of async events you want to keep track

```js
Fullstack.prepare( Promise.prototype, 'then', 0, 1 );
```

The function prepare take two fixed arguments, and a rest argument:
- **object** *{Object}*: The object that have the target function/method
- **prop** *{String}*: The name of the func/method
- **cbIndexes** *{...Number}*: Which parameters of the function are callbacks (zero padded indexes), so for the Promise.prototype.then, that takes two arguments: callbackOk and callbackError, your indexes are 0 and 1.

### 3. Enjoy

Now every time you get the stacktrece inside callbacks of the *then* function, you will get the full stacktrace from before it was called as well:

```bash
Promise.then.ok at /home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:19:36
    at <anonymous>
    at process._tickCallback (internal/process/next_tick.js:169:7)
    at Function.Module.runMain (module.js:607:11)
    at startup (bootstrap_node.js:158:16)
    at bootstrap_node.js:575:3
----------------------------------------
    at Promise.then
    at Array.forEach (native)
    at superfunc (/home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:18:5)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:31:1)
    at Module._compile (module.js:569:30)
    at Object.Module._extensions..js (module.js:580:10)
    at Module.load (module.js:503:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:466:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:458:3)
    at Function.Module.runMain (module.js:605:10)
    at startup (bootstrap_node.js:158:16)
```

Commit message:

v0.1.0: Code modularization; full test coverage; usage simplification

README.md, after:

# Full Stack

Stop losing stack trace on Node event loop callbacks.

This is implantation allows the user to set what event loop callbacks he wants to keep the trace.


The algorithm was based on **long-stack-traces** (https://github.com/tlrobinson/long-stack-traces) - which I thank!

That was somehow improved and have a nice test coverage.

### 1. Install & import

`npm install full_stack`

```js
const Fullstack = require('full_stack');
```

### 2. Set which micro/macrotasks callbacks you want to keep the stack trace

```js
// Eg:
Fullstack.prepare( Promise.prototype, 'then' );
Fullstack.prepare( global, 'setInterval' );
Fullstack.prepare( EventEmmiter.prototype, 'on' );
```

The function prepare take two argument:
- **object** *{Object}*: The object that have the target function/method
- **prop** *{String}*: The name of the function/method

### 3. Enjoy

Now every time you get the stack trace inside callbacks of the prepared function, you will get the full **stack trace** from before it was called as well, eg.:

```bash
Promise.then.ok at /home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:19:36
    at <anonymous>
    at process._tickCallback (internal/process/next_tick.js:169:7)
    at Function.Module.runMain (module.js:607:11)
    at startup (bootstrap_node.js:158:16)
    at bootstrap_node.js:575:3
----------------------------------------
    at Promise.then
    at Array.forEach (native)
    at superfunc (/home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:18:5)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/home/stefano/repo/full_stack/spec/unit/full_stack_test.js:31:1)
    at Module._compile (module.js:569:30)
    at Object.Module._extensions..js (module.js:580:10)
    at Module.load (module.js:503:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:466:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:458:3)
    at Function.Module.runMain (module.js:605:10)
    at startup (bootstrap_node.js:158:16)
```
